Israeli forces have launched another
series of attacks overnight across the
strip from the north through the South
there have been reports of heavy
artillery fire and also numerous air
strikes let's get the latest with
alzer's hanim Mahmud who's joins us from
Gaza in darala in central Gaza tell us
more honey about these attacks children
many children among the victims I
understand
yes well the confirmed reports we're
getting right now from a zun
neighborhood that's the southern eastern
part of Gaza C where the isra military
is conducting an incursion to the
eastern part of the neighborhood of
Salah to the western part uh of of of it
deepening its incursion under heavy
coverage of a heavy machine gun fire
from machine gun and artillery as well
as the tank shells and the the dense
presence of a quad Capt that are chasing
people from One neighborhood to another
from one street to another pushing
people to the western part uh of of the
city this is not the first time we're
seeing this particular neighborhood
coming under attacks it was repeatedly
attack in the past and close to 75% of
its public facilities infrastructure
residential homes have either been
severely damaged or completely destroyed
just something that been feeding into
the permanent displacement as it
deepening the sense of of inability of
going back to this particular
neighborhood the Israeli military stated
that it's operating there to dismantle
infrastructure for Palestinian militancy
groups uh or fighting groups inside the
neighborhood but according to what we
hear from eyewitnesses and and
paramedics and civil defens creu the
vast majority of casualties are made of
civilians the children women make the
vast majority of casualties meanwhile
the Israeli military and its occupying
forces continue to operate aggressively
in RAF City
almost the entire Eastern Area and the
southern part of RA City that's along
the Philadelphia Corridor is raised from
agriculture land from any remaining
residential buildings heavy air strikes
took place at the central part of RA
City that's a traffic circle used to be
a very s busy area as well as T Sultan
to the western part and very close to ra
maasi evacuation Zone where more people
are pushed into internal enforced
displacement the Central Area the
situations are not different there is
heavy artilleries every once in a while
could be heard from where we are
reporting from from Ala Hospital along
the eastern part of the central part of
the Gaza Strip that includes Al magazi
and Al B Refuge camps as well as the
southern eastern part of there balah
City just early hours of yesterday's
evening an air strikes on a residential
building killed three people from one
family including one child were transfer
ref to the hospital uh here the
situations remain difficult not only
we're seeing in as surging the attacks
despite all the contradictions uh or the
talks about the Tactical pause that seem
to be very contradictory and misleading
this really military continues to
equally bomb the entire Gaza STP honey
thank you very much for the update
that's Al jazir is hany Mahmud reporting
their live from darab Bala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer